Text Adventure

Quick storyline rundown: 
Mystery - trying to figure out who/where you are. Slightly futuristic, but still very believable. Set on a space ship (maybe not obvious until half way through the story?) Or maybe underground (Portal). You have to pretend to not know about things in order to break out.

If the employees of the facility realize you are conscious, they'll terminate you. (save games?) (How will the player be able to evade enemies? Hearing?)

Story:

---
The year is 2029. You are awoken by a blaring alarm. You look around the room - you see a  metal object sitting on the counter. It seems to be hot - you can see heat waves emminating from it. Across from the strange shiny object you see a semi-reflective window. From the window you see a vast body of water - but something is off about it, there are no waves. Is it an ocean? A lake? A pool?

Suddenly - there's a loud knock on the door. *BANG* *BANG* *BANG* Before you have a chance to react the door slides open and the alarm stops. Your eyes are still adjusting to the brightness of the sunlight pouring into your room so you can't quite make out the figure standing in the doorway. Their silhouette is large and whoever it is clearly hits the gym frequently. The mysterious figure barks loudly "Get out of bed subject 213! It's time for your weekly inspection. You have five minutes to make your way to auditorium 11. If you're late again there will be consequences."

The figure leaves, and you now see that the hot object is now violently shaking. It's lost its shine, the heat has caused the object to begin to glow white. Then, suddenly, silence. The object instantly seemed to be back to normal. You slowly walk over to it and inch your hand towards it. You ever so gently touch the object, its surface cool to the touch. You try picking it up, but it must have an incredible mass as you can't make it budge.

You better get going to this auditorium if you know whats good for you though.
---

Available commands:
Look around room
	- See object, window, bed, window (endless water), 
Try to pick up object (can't)
Leave room (enter hallway)
...


---
You cautiously walk into the hallway, and see a seemingly-endless row of doors that look identical to the one you emerge from. You notice that the doors are numbered, with a small white plate, the door next to yours is 212, the one on the other side - 214. But which way is it to the auditorium?
---

Available commands:
	